Add 2.346.2 changelog and upgrade guide (#5272)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/_data/upgrades/2-346-2.adoc

==== Docker script `install-plugins.sh` removed

The `install-plugins.sh` script in the Docker image of the controller has been deprecated for over 18 months.

> It has now been replace in the Docker image with a script that directs the user to use the plugin installation manager tool.

Reviewer: what about this?
```suggestion
It has been replaced in the Docker image with a script that directs the user to use the plugin installation manager tool.
```
